# Abstract of algprithm
	Algorithm is based on the concept of the Evolutionary Multi-agent System with addition of socio-cognitive elements. At the beginning of the algorithm several agents are created. Each of the agents starts with unique individuals in its start population. In the next step the cycles of the algorithm are performed. Every cycle of the algorithm includes the evolutionary part and socio-cognitive part.  During the evolutionary part every agent performs an evolutionary algorithm on his flock. The socio-cognitive consists of a series of communication between two agents. During every single communication one of the agents is gaining information about part of the flock belonging to the other agent and after a quality check of the acquired data agent assimilates part of its own flock to the individuals included in acquired information. Amount of information transferred between agents is determined by the trust between agents.. The concept of the trust is implemented as a global token market where each of the agents starts in with a certain amount of trust tokens which can be passed by the agents during every event of single communication based on the outcome of this event. The more trust agents have, the more information they will acquire from other agents. Assimilation of the flock is based on using simple and fast operators to reduce the distance between two individuals. Algorithm continues until it performs a given number of cycles, the best solution found by the agents is assumed as the solution found by the algorithm.
